Workflow changes (#54)
bcgov/DITP-DevOps: docs/bc-registries-audit-notification-workflow.md

## Audit scripts for Aries VCR/OrgBook and BC Registries Issuer

This repository provides scripts to audit the OrgBook search database and agent wallet against the source BC Registries data; [Audit Scripts](https://github.com/bcgov/von-bc-registries-audit/blob/main/README.md#understanding-the-output)

## Troubleshoot Failed Credentials Error

Occasionally credentials get stuck in the processing queue due to errors, and will not respond to the use of the [`requeueOrganization`](./bc-registries-agent-configurations-manage-script.md#requeueOrganization-command) and/or [`queueOrganization`](./bc-registries-agent-configurations-manage-script.md#queueOrganization-command) commands.  In these cases you want to check the pipeline status for an errors.

Running the [`getPipelineStatus` command](./bc-registries-agent-configurations-manage-script.md#requeueOrganization-command) command will verify the credentials errors.

> After verifying the credentials have been requeued, run the [`runPipeline` ](./bc-registries-agent-configurations-manage-script.md#requeueOrganization-command) command to process the outstanding records.

Reviewer: You removed too much content from this section and did not add the other recommendations I made.  Also the screenshot from `getPipelineStatus` got removed from the PR.

I see there may have been some confusion regarding this comment; https://github.com/bcgov/DITP-DevOps/pull/54#discussion_r1114383899

Is was referencing this paragraph only, all other content should have stayed:

> Running the [`requeueOrganization` command](./bc-registries-agent-configurations-manage-script.md#requeueOrganization-command) and [`queueOrganization` command](./bc-registries-agent-configurations-manage-script.md#queueOrganization-command) will resolve the data issue.

Author: Hi @WadeBarnes made the changes according to your suggestion

## Audit scripts for Aries VCR/OrgBook and BC Registries Issuer

This repository provides scripts to audit the OrgBook search database and agent wallet against the source BC Registries data; [Audit Scripts](https://github.com/bcgov/von-bc-registries-audit/blob/main/README.md#understanding-the-output)

## Troubleshoot Failed Credentials Error

If there are companies that dont't get re-processed because the credentials were created in the credential_log table in the event processor database. Follow the steps below to troubleshoot failed credentials error:

Run the `./manage -e prod runPipeline`command and verify the credentials errors. An example regarding this is shown below in the image:

> [BC-Registries-Audit-Errors](./images/bc-registries-audit-errors.png)

Reviewer: `[BC-Registries-Audit-Errors](./images/bc-registries-audit-errors.png)`, The image isn't linked properly for it to be displayed.  Use the other image links in the document as a reference.

Author: Thanks Wade, I have fixed the image link now.

## Audit scripts for Aries VCR/OrgBook and BC Registries Issuer

This repository provides scripts to audit the OrgBook search database and agent wallet against the source BC Registries data; [Audit Scripts](https://github.com/bcgov/von-bc-registries-audit/blob/main/README.md#understanding-the-output)

## Troubleshoot Failed Credentials Error

If there are companies that dont't get re-processed because the credentials were created in the credential_log table in the event processor database. Follow the steps below to troubleshoot failed credentials error:

> Run the `./manage -e prod runPipeline`command and verify the credentials errors. An example regarding this is shown below in the image:

Reviewer: For consistency and ease of reuse, please update `bc-registries-agent-configurations-manage-script.md`.  Add a section for `./manage -e prod runPipeline` describing it's use and link to it from here.  i.e. Follow the same pattern used with the `requeueOrganization` and `queueOrganization` commands.

> Run the `./manage -e prod runPipeline` command and verify the credentials errors. An example regarding this is shown below in the image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the `./manage -e prod getPipelineStatus` command and verify the credentials errors. An example regarding this is shown below in the image:
```

Sorry I missed this the first time.

For consistency and ease of reuse, please update `bc-registries-agent-configurations-manage-script.md`.  Add a section for `./manage -e prod getPipelineStatus` describing it's use and link to it from here.  i.e. Follow the same pattern used with the `requeueOrganization`, `queueOrganization`, and `requeueFailedCreds` commands.

The `./manage -e prod runPipeline` command is what you run at the end after you have requeued any records using the other commands.  You should add this to the documentation and make a section for it in the `bc-registries-agent-configurations-manage-script.md` as well so you can link to it.

![BC-Registries-Audit-Errors](./images/bc-registries-audit-errors.png)

> Running the `./manage -e prod requeueFailedCreds` command will clear and solve the status of Failed Credentials.

Reviewer: For consistency and ease of reuse, please update `bc-registries-agent-configurations-manage-script.md`.  Add a section for `./manage -e prod requeueFailedCreds` describing it's use and link to it from here.  i.e. Follow the same pattern used with the `requeueOrganization` and `queueOrganization` commands.

## Audit scripts for Aries VCR/OrgBook and BC Registries Issuer

This repository provides scripts to audit the OrgBook search database and agent wallet against the source BC Registries data; [Audit Scripts](https://github.com/bcgov/von-bc-registries-audit/blob/main/README.md#understanding-the-output)

## Troubleshoot Failed Credentials Error

If there are companies that dont't get re-processed because the credentials were created in the credential_log table in the event processor database. Follow the steps below to troubleshoot failed credentials error:

> Run the `./manage -e prod getPipelineStatus` command and verify the credentials errors. An example regarding this is shown below in the image:

Reviewer: For consistency and ease of reuse, please update `bc-registries-agent-configurations-manage-script.md`.  Add a section for `./manage -e prod getPipelineStatus` describing its use and link to it from here.  i.e. Follow the same pattern used with the `requeueOrganization`, `queueOrganization`, and `requeueFailedCreds` commands.

You will find a description for this command here; [getPipelineStatus command documentation](https://github.com/bcgov/von-bc-registries-agent-configurations/blob/main/openshift/manage#L92-L95)

![BC-Registries-Audit-Errors](./images/bc-registries-audit-errors.png)

> Running the [`requeueFailedCreds` command](./bc-registries-agent-configurations-manage-script.md#requeueOrganization-command) command will clear and solve the status of Failed Credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the output above you can see there are 50 processing errors in the `credential_log` table.  This means there are 50 credentials that have not been processed and posted to the OrgBook.  To requeue these credentials for processing run the [`requeueFailedCreds`](./bc-registries-agent-configurations-manage-script.md#requeueOrganization-command) command.
```

> Running the [`requeueOrganization` command](./bc-registries-agent-configurations-manage-script.md#requeueOrganization-command) and [`queueOrganization` command](./bc-registries-agent-configurations-manage-script.md#queueOrganization-command) will resolve the data issue.

Reviewer: I don't think this paragraph is relevant to this particular example, is it?  If not please delete.

> Run the [`runPipeline` command](./bc-registries-agent-configurations-manage-script.md#requeueOrganization-command) command at the end after all the records are requeued using the other commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've verified the credentials have been requeued, run the [`runPipeline` ](./bc-registries-agent-configurations-manage-script.md#requeueOrganization-command) command to process the outstanding records.
```
